Add hint about upgrading Katello (#3170)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/doc-Upgrading_Project/master.adoc

include::common/modules/proc_providing-feedback-on-red-hat-documentation.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
endif::[]

ifdef::foreman-el[]

> [NOTE]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[IMPORTANT]
```

Author: Applied.

====

> If you use the Katello plugin, please use {BaseURL}Upgrading_Project/index-katello.html[Upgrading Foreman with Katello].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have installed the Katello plugin, you must use {BaseURL}Upgrading_Project/index-katello.html[Upgrading Foreman with Katello].
```
I think this should be a bit more forceful.

Author: Applied.
